Previously
on "YuGiOh Arc‐V"...
Who are they?
They're not supposed
to be in the tournament.
We are Obelisk Force.
That's Sora!
You again...
The two of us
have unfinished business, Shay,
but now I can finally settle
the score once and for all!
(Zuzu)
I never like
losing a duel.
but it was
definitely fun.
Agreed.
But as fun
as it was,
our rematch will be
even more amazing!
There isn't going
to be any rematch!
That's because this next duel
will be your last!
Huh?
I didn't know
you had a twin!
She does look
just like me!
Could she be Lulu?
We just cut the public feed for
the Volcano Zone, Mr. President.
The time for action
has finally arrived.
You candidates have shown great
promise and potential.
It's time to prove you have
what it takes to become Lancers.
(grunting, groaning)
Got 'em.
No!
Stop it!
♪
♪ Hey hey ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me ♪
♪ Competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge
anyone anywhere ♪
♪ Any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go 'head
and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's
in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel ♪
♪ You can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm
in that groove ♪
♪ I know I can't
lose ♪
♪ Your turn
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel ♪
♪ You can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove ♪
♪ I know I can't
lose ♪
♪ Your turn
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
(nervous laugh)
Well, it looks like
those pesky gremlins
are still wreaking
havoc with our live feeds
from the Ancient Ruins and
Volcano Zones.
But if
you're a foodie like me,
you're gonna love the
gastronomical surprises
awaiting you
in the Jungle Zone!
(man)
Food schmood!
As long as they
show Reed Pepper,
those other feeds can
stay out of order!
Seriously?
(girls cheering)
Who's number one?
Go, Reed, go!
Pepper!
You rock!
If they won't show Yuya, then
I'm turning off the tube!
I know what to do!
I'll use
magic!
Or even better...
Instead of viewing him
from here,
I'll support
my duelmate Yuya in person.
Now, my gourmet monsters
and I
are ready to embark on our
culinary crusade!
We hope you enjoy!
Cook up
a spicy attack!
And pour on
plenty of Pepper!
Yo, I'm watching
a duel here, chum!
Why don't you make like
a boat and sail on outta here?
Even better, why don't you
get off your tailbone
and get set
to duel?
Gong's
challenging you, lazybones!
You and Gong are gonna go
monster to monster!
Now stand up
and fight!
I'd rather not.
Excuse Gong?
The only way I'll even think of
dueling you is if you agree
to
put up five Pendulum cards.
Huh?
I have a real bad feeling this
guy's planning something
fishy.
Gong could get
totally played.
Trout's a real
card shark.
I wish we could see
how Yuya's doing.
And what's the deal
with Dennis and Zuzu?
(gasps)
Are you gonna
introduce me...
to your twin sister?
You must be Lulu.
I'm Zuzu.
I don't care who you are, I
have business with this Xyz
fugitive.
Xyz fugitive?
Huh?
Um, heh,
what is that?
Don't play dumb!
I'm taking you down!
Arm yourself!
Hey, take it easy,
Lulu!
I don't know how you do things
in the Xyz Dimension,
but in our world, we don't just
go around attacking each other.
Leave Dennis al‐‐
It's perfectly
alright, Zuzu.
Huh?
This girl is clearly all mixed
up about me‐‐ However!
A dueltainer
always accepts a challenge
to keep the crowd
entertained!
Don't you agree?
Uh, no.
I think the tournament
is a lot more important.
Okay,
Zuzu Number 2.
I accept
your challenge!
We'll have
to make this quick,
but let's not leave out
any razzle‐dazzle!
Let's duel!
I'll go first.
And I'll start by activating
the spell Polymerization!
She's a
Fusion Summoner?
I fuse Lunalight Blue Cat with
Lunalight Purple Butterfly!
By combining the reflexes
of a fierce feline
with the fluttering fury
of a nighttime huntress,
I can create
a new lunar legend!
I Fusion Summon!
Lunalight
Cat Dancer!
This duel'll be
the cat's meow!
(alarm blaring)
Our sensors have detected
a high‐level summon
in the
Volcano Zone!
The signature is even more
powerful than the one
that we
spotted in the Iceberg Zone.
Shay's sister Lulu is from the
Xyz Dimension
So that means she would never
Fusion Summon like this girl.
That must mean she's not Lulu.
So then who is she?
I'll finish up by playing a
facedown.
Your move, Xyzian!
(laughing wickedly)
Oh!
Harming opponents
is against the rules!
The kind that
makes troublemakers
like you disappear!
Don't do it!
Please, stop!
(laughing wickedly)
(whimpering)
All those poor people.
Attacked for no reason
Trapped in cards&
(screaming)
They'll pay!
They'll pay
for what they did!
We'll report in,
then complete our mission.
You will complete
nothing!
You three are going to
suffer for what you've done!
Revenge is supposed
to be bittersweet.
(chuckling)
But I'm betting it tastes
delish!
Let's duel!
I call first turn!
I summon
Edge Imp Tomahawk!
And now its special ability
activates!
By sending one Edge Imp monster
in my hand to the graveyard&
Your life points
are cut down by 800!
Argh!
Not bad, huh?
We just started and you're
already backing up!
Think you can
bounce back?
No doubt.
Especially with Raid Raptor
Vanishing Lanius!
When it's summoned
to my field,
it can also
bring along a friend&
meaning more monsters for me
and more danger for you!
Take flight, Raid Raptor
Fuzzy Lanius!
With two Raid Raptors
at my command,
I can build
the Overlay Network!
You made a huge mistake coming
after me, Sora!
By hunting me down, you've
become the hunted instead!
I Xyz Summon...
Raid Raptor
Force Strix!
Hmm? What's this
birdbrain up to?
Why'd he summon
such a turkey?
By using one Overlay Unit,
I can add...
a Raid Raptor to my hand!
I choose
Raid Raptor Vanishing Lanius.
Huh, what's
he planning?
Then I activate Fuzzy Lanias'
special ability
from the
graveyard!
I can add another Fuzzy Lanias
from my deck
directly
to my hand!
And then I can use
the special ability
of the Vanishing Lanius
I summoned earlier this turn
to bring out a second one
to the field!
Thanks for joining us!
And now with
Vanishing Lanius on my field,
I can summon Fuzzy Lanius
from my hand!
Last,
but not least,
Raid Raptor Force Strix gets
an extra 500 attack points
for each of its wingmen!
After all that,
it's still a weakling.
You're not playing
a joke on me, are you?
I never kid around,
especially in a duel.
Not when I'm facing off
against a clown like you!
("Lulu")
It's your move.
What do you got?
Something to tame
your fiery spirit.
The time is now for your
expectations to be extinguished.
Behold my blaze bashing
Fire Eater!
Now I'm really
gonna turn up the drama,
because with two monsters
on the field,
I'm allowed to summon my
Performage Hat Tricker!
Ah!
I see what
you're up to!
You're going
to Xyz Summon!
(groaning)
If I do that, she's really
gonna think I'm a Xyz
fugitive.
(moaning)
It feels like something's
missing&
I know!
Ha ha!
Ready?
Presto!
(fingers snapping)
We all know nothing says fun and
excitement like getting bubbly!
So thanks to Bubble Barrier,
since my monsters have less than
1,500 attack points,
I can bubble up
their defenses
to stop any attacks
once per turn!
And with that,
I'll hand it back to you!
Wait, that's all?
Why didn't you
Xyz Summon?
Why would I?
It's not like
I'm a fugitive
from this so‐called Xyz
Dimension you're talking about.
What is this dimension
thing anyway?
You can't
deceive me!
So don't even try!
I summon Lunalight Blue Cat!
I activate Cat Dancer's
special ability!
By tributing my Blue Cat...
My Cat Dancer can attack
each of your monsters twice!
A brilliant move!
Dancer, pounce on
Flame Eater!
That might burst
Flame Eater's bubble,
but Flame Eater's still
safe and sound.
But not from
a second attack!
Cat Dancer,
kick it up a notch
and take it to Flame Eater
one more time!
(groaning)
Now, Cat Dancer,
burst that bubble!
(Dennis)
Don't worry, Hat Tricker,
your bubble will protect you!
It will take more than
a few suds to stop Cat Dancer!
Now attack again
and blast that buffoon!
Full Moon Mayhem!
(groaning)
With that I'll end my turn.
You're putting on
quite the show!
Her skills as a Fusion Summoner
are incredible!
(gasps)
Does that mean she's really
from from the Fusion Dimension?
Enough of this!
I tried to stop you, but you
wouldn't listen to me!
Who is that guy?
You invaded
my dimension.
I want to know why!
You're in no position
to demand anything.
All right then.
You leave me
no choice.
If you want to feel my wrath...
I'm all in!
(all laughing)
The kid
is clearly delusional.
Better straighten
him out, then.
Let's duel!
Get ready!
Ha ha ha!
We're gonna sic
the dogs on you, twerp!
Starting with Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound!
There's more coming!
A whole pack
of hounds!
They're hungry!
And raring
to go!
I can't hold Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound back any longer!
Now go get 'em, boy!
Uh...
If you think that card
will save you...
You're wrong!
Fact is, once our Hounds
have zeroed in on you,
nothing can
keep them at bay!
Sic him,
Hunting Hound!
(screaming)
(groaning)
We've got him down.
Now let's
take him out!
I'm sending another
Ancient Gear Hunting Hound
to join
in the hunt!
Rough him up
some more!
(screaming)
(groaning)
Had enough?
No.
Well, too bad, 'cause
you're going to end up
just like the knights
you tried to save.
But don't worry.
The four of you will
make an awesome deck!
(moaning)
Yaaaah!
It's my turn!
(screaming)
I'll use
Scale 3 Xiangke Magician
and Scale 8 Xiangsheng Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control
of this duel, starting now!
Now I can summon monsters
between Level 4 and 7
all at the same time!
Swing far,
Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Come forth,
Performapal Whip Snake!
And Skeeter Skimmer!
Maybe the kid is more
dangerous than we thought.
With Level 4 Performapal Whip
Snake and Skeeter Skimmer,
I build
the Overlay Network.
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective.
I call upon the most dangerous
of Dragons!
I Xyz Summon!
(screaming)
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
(thunder crashing)
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon,
attack Hunting Hound!
Mauling Mandible Charge!
(grunting)
(groaning)
It's your move
if you dare take it.
We gotta teach this guy
a lesson he'll never forget!
Shay seems to have
a real fondness
for his feathered
friends.
I can't wait to pluck
them from the sky!
If you're hoping to make up
for losing to me,
you're only going
to end up disappointed.
Please.
Beating you will be like
taking candy from a baby.
(slurping)
If you believe that,
you're a bigger sucker
than the one in your hand,
especially after
I have two Raid Raptor Singing
Laniuses join my team!
My preparations
are complete.
Due to the two new Raid Raptors
on my team,
Force Strixes' attack
points increase.
From this point forward, I'm
coming at you full force!
I've had enough of
your ridiculous games!
I came to duel you!
But you're turning
this into a circus!
Sorry.
Okay...
If you want me
to duel seriously,
that's exactly
what I'll do!
Get ready!
Here's
a real showstopper!
I didn't mean it
literally!
I feel like
such a flop!
My only choice is to put a
monster facedown in defense mode
and another card facedown
because that's all a loser
like me can do!
Are you hoping that I feel
sorry and go easy on you?
'Cause that is not
about to happen!
Uh, No! I would
never want that‐
Enough!
My turn!
I draw!
Now jumping into the fray is
Lunalight White Rabbit!
My White Rabbit can return a
spell or trap card to your hand!
So bye‐bye, Bubble Barrier!
Cat Dancer's special ability
activates!
She'll tribute White Rabbit
so she can attack twice!
It's on!
Cat Dancer, strike at his
facedown card!
Cat Dancer's first attack
didn't destroy your monster,
but it let me activate
Lunalight Dance
which switches your
monster to attack mode!
Oh, dear.
If you think that's bad,
it gets worse.
Its attack points
get slashed in half!
Cat Dancer!
Take down that Clown!
Hang on!
I'll stop you
in a snap!
Uh...
(screaming)
Much too easy.
Humph!
Hmm?
Hmm!
Huh!
(alarm blaring)
(man)
A unit of Fusion warriors just
warped into the Volcano Zone!
Send in my strike
squadron.
(laughing wickedly)
(whimpering)
You're coming with us.
This is the end of the line,
gentlemen.
The city's been
sealed off!
But I need
to find my Yuya!
In a city this big though,
he could be anywhere!
I'll have to rely on the
unbreakable bond we share
to guide my heart
to him.
Let's wipe that smirk
off his face.
Right, let's take him
out quick!
That's no problem!
Let's start by
unleashing the Hounds!
Hunting Hound's special
ability deals you 600 points of
damage!
Canine Cannon!
Argh!
Don't let up!
Go!
Got it!
Give him a grilling,
Hunting Hound!
Uh...
Don't just stand there!
Where's my Yuya?
Huh?
Looks like we found him!
And so did trouble!
Yuya?!
(laughing wildly)
♪